Docs (GraphQL) fix nested filter syntax error (#232)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/graphql/queries/and-or-not.md

```graphql
queryPost(filter: {
  or: [
    { and: [{ title: { allofterms: "GraphQL" } }, { not: { tags: { eq: "GraphQL" } } }] }
    { and: [{ title: { allofterms: "Dgraph" } }, { not: { tags: { eq: "Dgraph" } } }] }
  ]
} ) { ... }
```

> {{% notice "note" %}}
> Nested logic with the same `and`/`or` conjunction can be simplified into a single list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Nesting

Nested logic with the same `and`/`or` conjunction can be simplified into a single list.

For example:

```

```
queryPost(filter: {
  or: [
    { or: [ { foo: { eq: "A" } }, { bar: { eq: "B" } } ] },
    { or: [ { baz: { eq: "C" } }, { quz: { eq: "D" } } ] }
  ]
} ) { ... }
```
Can be simplified into
```
queryPost(filter: {
  or: [
    { foo: { eq: "A" } }, 
    { bar: { eq: "B" } },
    { baz: { eq: "C" } }, 
    { quz: { eq: "D" } }
  ]
} ) { ... }
```

> {{% /notice %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
